* Strona główna

Aviary.pl is an open source software translation and localization group. We're official Mozilla localization group for Polish language. 

We are the official Polish localization team of Mozilla products.

Mozilla Firefox

Mozilla Firefox is a next generation web browser, currently used by millions of people in the entire world.

Mozilla Thunderbird

Mozilla Thunderbird is an easy to use e-mail and discussion group client with a built-in intelligent spam filter.

GNOME

GNOME is an easy to use, intuitive and attractive graphical environment used by default by a number of popular GNU/Linux distributions, such as Ubuntu, openSUSE and Fedora.

----------------------------------------
* Nasze projekty > GNOME

GNOME

Easy to use, intuitive and attractive graphical environment used by default by a number of popular GNU/Linux distributions, such as Ubuntu, openSUSE, Fedora and SUSE Linux Enterprise, which is localized by Aviary.pl.

More information is available at the GNOME Project website.

Aviary.pl and GNOME

Since September 2006 the Aviary.pl team translates GNOME, offering a new, better quality of localization of this environment.

----------------------------------------
* O nas

About Us

We are open source-software translation and localization group established in 2004. From the day one our main goal is to provide highest quality software localization, to give Polish users maximum comfort and enjoyment. We're working on open-source, non-profit and commercial projects. 
Since September 2004 we're recognized as official Polish localization team by Mozilla Foundation. 

Our Projects

Aviary.pl group on Polish localization of the following applications:
	•	Mozilla Firefox Web Browser
	•	Mozilla Thunderbird Mail Client
	•	Bugzilla Bug Tracking System
	•	SeaMonkey Internet Application Suite
	•	GNOME Desktop for GNU/Linux and UNIX operating systems
And websites:
        * Mozilla.org :)
	•	Mozilla Corporation
	•	Mozilla Europe (mozilla europe juz nie istnieje pono) [ano teraz te dwie strony to jedna mozilla.org]  
----------------------------------------
* Mozilla Firefox

Firefox is a new/next-generation web browser used by milions of people all over the world. It's convenient, powerful, easy to use and modular which means it is flexible to adjust to everybody's needs. The Firefox official website is [tu url, firefox.pl nie ma sensu, tylko bym podlinkowala do strony mozilli]

Aviary.pl a Firefox
Od listopada 2003 roku zespół Aviary.pl prowadzi polską lokalizację  przeglądarki internetowej Mozilla Firefox. Przeglądarka ta była  pierwszym produktem, którego pełną polską lokalizację przygotował nasz  zespół.
Firefox was our first fully localized product. We've been localizing it since November 2003.
